[Applause]
everyone's very fired up about this show
and ending the show and there are a lot
of opinions out there some well thought
out and some not so well thought out
this week we went on the street to find
the knot we asked people to share their
reaction to the Game of Thrones finale
that hasn't happened yet so again finale
Sunday it hasn't been seen by anyone but
that stop people on the street from
pretending to weigh in on it let's find
out in tonight's game of Thrones edition
of lie witness news game of Thrones
series finale last weekend epic or
letdown epic yeah you liked it yes what
did you think when Arya found the Statue
of Liberty buried in the sand at the end
of like the whole seriousness of the
future and how like I guess how we all
crumbled I guess
were you surprised by the when the
Thrones started talking oh the talking
throne tripped me out
it was crazy remember what it said oh no
I just was like that's eerie but sharing
a talk no throne the chair I like it's
talking oh my gosh yeah no I got roasted
by my homies how do you feel about our
Kelley's performances the dragon I
thought it went well
I mean it's there's a lot worse choices
that could have been made for it let's
put it that way when he told John I
believe you can fly before he got on the
dragon do you think I was tacky
yes very who are you rooting for Cersei
or Milania Melania by that she's awesome
she's better than Cersei Cersei scares
me
the Dragons sex scene rocks later
raunchy deftly raunchy that's how I
would describe it do you think it was
actually sexy at all it made me
uncomfortable
they made me uncomfortable I'm gonna
shame to admit but maybe a little thick
the Exley for being on it when all the
castrated characters had their penises
grow back were you shocked oh yeah
oh definitely shocked but at the same
time I was like that's a good thing
were you surprised when Jaime Lannister
died when the horse just kind of fell on
I was surprised
yeah totally can you describe that scene
it was I don't know yeah not sure but
yeah yeah okay so I think I kind of that
but I walked out a little bit you walked
out yeah what happened we're not like
right before it I was right before it
yeah yeah so where'd you go I just
grabbed something and then my brother
came screaming and I came running back
why was your father screaming because he
was you know he died like it was just
yeah so cool yeah
were you shocked when the throne started
talking that doesn't and then is that
like a trick video this is interview
where you ask questions that didn't
happen and you try to see what people
say yeah
[Applause]
[Music]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape